[Box] Add sx prop (#23053)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/box/box.md

> <Box color="text.primary">{(props) => <Button {...props} />}</Box>

Author: ```suggestion
```

> ⚠️ The CSS specificity relies on the import order.
> If you want the guarantee that the wrapped component's style will be overridden, you need to import the Box last.

> ### The sx prop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The sx prop
```

> Sometimes, the props on the Box component are not enough for styling the component. For solving this, we support the `sx` prop, which allows you to specify any CSS rules you want, in addition to the ones already available on the `Box` component. Here is an example of how you may use it:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sometimes, the props on the Box component are not enough to style the component. To solve this, `Box` supports the `sx` prop, which allows you to specify any CSS rules you want, in addition to the ones already available using system props. Here is an example of how you can use it:
```

```jsx
<Box
  sx={{
    width: 300,
    height: 300,
    bgcolor: 'primary.light',
    ':hover': {
      backgroundColor: 'primary.main',
    },
  }}
/>
```

> 

Author: We didn't have any examples previously, but we may add 👍
